The financial report found
And one million in cash
Impossible
This report
Wasn’t made by me at all
See?
I told you this woman has issues
Have you checked the cameras?
The security department said
Last night’s cameras
Were deliberately damaged
What?
Someone
Is truly scheming
Even deliberately damaging the cameras beforehand
Young Master Qín
This kind of disaster can’t stay
My gosh, Young Master Qín was so good to her
And she really embezzled public funds
You know the face but not the heart
Before profit
True feelings are worthless
Miss Qín, I think the cooperation between Qín Shì
And Dì Háo Group
Ends here
President Lǐ
If I really wanted to embezzle public funds
This one million
Isn’t it too little?
The evidence is clear, and you still deny it
Truly shameless
Do you know ruining
The cooperation with Dì Háo Group
Will cause
How big a loss to the group?
Ten billion